[SRVLOGIC-469]: Deploying workflows chapter does not use kn worklow plugin (#85916)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/serverless-logic-building-deploying-workflow-preview-mode.adoc

* You have an {ServerlessLogicOperatorName} installed on your cluster.
* You have access to an {ServerlessLogicProductName} project with the appropriate roles and permissions to create applications and other workloads in {ocp-product-title}.
* You have installed the {ServerlessLogicProductName} `kn-workflow` CLI plugin.
* You have installed the OpenShift CLI `(oc)`.

.Procedure

. In your project application directory, execute the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ kn workflow gen-manifest --profile=preview --namespace <your_namespace>
----
+

> This command generates {ocp-product-title} YAML manifests based on your `workflow.sw.json|yaml` definition. Default location is `<project_application_dir>/manifests` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command generates {ocp-product-title} YAML manifests based on your `workflow.sw.json|yaml` definition. The default location is the `<project_application_dir>/manifests` directory.
```

> You can modify these files to your liking, however when you run above command again, the changes are going to be overwritten. Use `--custom-generated-manifests-dir` or `-c` flag to generate the files in different location.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can modify these files to your preference, however, when you rerun the above command, the changes will be overwritten. Use the `--custom-generated-manifests-dir` or `-c` flag to generate the files in different locations.
```

* You have an {ServerlessLogicOperatorName} installed on your cluster.
* You have access to an {ServerlessLogicProductName} project with the appropriate roles and permissions to create applications and other workloads in {ocp-product-title}.
* You have installed the {ServerlessLogicProductName} `kn-workflow` CLI plugin.
* You have installed the OpenShift CLI `(oc)`.

.Procedure

. In your project application directory, execute the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ kn workflow gen-manifest --mode=preview --namespace <your_namespace>

Author: Good catch should be:
```suggestion
$ kn workflow gen-manifest --profile=preview --namespace <your_namespace>
```

----
+
This command generates {ocp-product-title} YAML manifests based on your `workflow.sw.json|yaml` definition. Default location is `<project_application_dir>/manifests` directory.
You can modify these files to your liking, however when you run above command again, the changes are going to be overwritten. Use `--custom-generated-manifests-dir` or `-c` flag to generate the files in different location.

. Deploy the `SonataFlow` workflow application to your {ocp-product-title} namespace by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ kn workflow deploy --custom-manifests-dir=./manifests --namespace <your_namespace>

Author: Since it is docs,  I wanted to use the explicit version of commands.

----

> +

Author: ```suggestion

```

* You have installed the OpenShift CLI `(oc)`.

.Procedure

. In your project application directory, execute the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ kn workflow gen-manifest --profile=preview -n <namespace>
----
+
This command generates {ocp-product-title} YAML manifests based on your `workflow.sw.json|yaml` definition. The default location is the `<project_application_dir>/manifests` directory.
You can modify these files to your preference, however, when you rerun the above command, the changes will be overwritten. Use the `--custom-generated-manifests-dir` or `-c` flag to generate the files in different locations.

. Deploy the `SonataFlow` workflow application to your {ocp-product-title} namespace by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ kn workflow deploy --custom-manifests-dir=./manifests -n <namespace>
----

. List all the build configurations by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get buildconfigs -n <namespace>
----

. Get the logs of the build process by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc logs buildconfig/<workflow-name> -n <namespace>
----
+

> .Example command for a workflow that has ID attribute with value `greeting`:

Reviewer 2: No colons for titles:
```suggestion
.Example command for a workflow that has ID attribute with value `greeting`
```

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc logs pod/<pod-name> -n <namespace>
----

> .Cleanup

Reviewer 2: Technically `.Cleanup` is a non-standard heading in a procedure module (per [modular docs guide](https://redhat-documentation.github.io/modular-docs/#con-creating-procedure-modules_writing-mod-docs)). FWIW, I see only 1 other instance in the repo (that one has it as `.Clean up` two-words, tho the single-word here is correctly what IBM SG suggests).

Could this instead just be the last step in the normal `.Procedure`? Or maybe the last step in `.Verification`? Alternatively, could be its own procedure "Cleaning up a workflow deployment" but that seems like overkill.

> . To cleanup the deployment, delete the projects resources running the following command:

Reviewer 2: Either way though, If this stays as a single-step procedure, use an unordered list (per [guidelines](https://redhat-documentation.github.io/modular-docs/#con-creating-procedure-modules_writing-mod-docs)) and use "by running":
```suggestion
* To cleanup the deployment, delete the projects resources by running the following command:
```

[source,terminal]
----
$ oc logs pod/<pod-name> -n workflows
----

.Cleanup
. To cleanup the deployment, delete the projects resources running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ kn workflow undeploy -n <your_namespace>
----

> +

Author: ```suggestion

```
